Improve installation documentation (#6299)
organicmaps/organicmaps: docs/INSTALL.md

Installing *ccache* can speed up active development.

_Ubuntu 20.04:_

> Because Ubuntu 20.04 only offers Qt 5, you need to add a PPA to get Qt 6.2:

Author: Well, this is what the PPA says itself: https://launchpad.net/~savoury1/+archive/ubuntu/qt-6-2/+index?batch=75&memo=150&start=150: "Qt 6.2.x - backports (Xenial & newer)". What do you suggest?

> Because Ubuntu 20.04 only offers Qt 5, you need to add a PPA to get Qt 6.2:

Reviewer: I suggest to mention that any version of Qt6 should work.

> Because Ubuntu 20.04 only offers Qt 5, you need to add a PPA to get Qt 6.2:

Author: Done.

```bash
sudo add-apt-repository -y ppa:savoury1/qt-6-2
```

> _Ubuntu 20.04, 22.04:_

Author: It's correct, it works with the PPA together

- Click "Apply" and wait for downloads and installation to finish.
- In the left pane menu select "Appearance & Behavior > System Settings > Memory Settings".
- Set "IDE max heap size" to 2048Mb or more (otherwise the Studio might get stuck on "Updating indexes" when opening the project).
- Set "IDE max heap size" to 2048MB or more (otherwise the Studio might get stuck on "Updating indexes" when opening the project).

Configure the repository with Android SDK and NDK paths. You can do it either by setting a global environment variable pointing at your Android SDK:

```
ANDROID_HOME=<here is the absolute path to the root folder of your Android SDK installation>
```

or by running the following script, that creates `android/local.properties` file with the line `sdk.dir=<path to your Android SDK>` in it: 
or by running the following script, that creates `android/local.properties` file with the line `sdk.dir=<path to your Android SDK>` in it:

_Linux:_

```bash
./tools/android/set_up_android.py --sdk $HOME/Android/Sdk
```

_macOS:_

```bash
./tools/android/set_up_android.py --sdk $HOME/Library/Android/Sdk
```

_Windows 10:_ no action needed, should work out of the box.

> In Android Studio open the project in `android/` directory.

Author: I moved it to another place that you so the steps in the right order.

> If using an emulator, make sure to choose a system image with API Level 31 and ABI _x86_64_.

Reviewer: ...The same api level for the SDK you installed?

Use ABI x86_64 for Intel-based processors and arm64-v8a for ARM-based processors (e.g. M1/M2 Macs)

Author: I did exactly what it told me to do. I will adjust it for M processors

> Android Studio has issues in parsing C++ part of the project - one of these applications should be used: [Qt Creator](https://www.qt.io/product/development-tools), [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/), [CLion](https://www.jetbrains.com/clion/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Android Studio has issues in parsing the C++ part of the project, please let us know if you know how to resolve it. As a workaround, for working C++ suggestions, you may use:
- [Qt Creator](https://www.qt.io/product/development-tools)
- [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/)
- [CLion](https://www.jetbrains.com/clion/)
```
